[merge with next maestro release] Add docs for inbuilt JavaScript functions and properties (#44)
mobile-dev-inc/maestro-docs: advanced/javascript/run-javascript.md

{% content-ref url="../../api-reference/commands/evalscript.md" %}
[evalscript.md](../../api-reference/commands/evalscript.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

### Inbuilt functions & properties

Whilst the JavaScript environment is limited, there are a few inbuilt things that can be used:

#### maestro object

The maestro object contains the following properties:

| Field Name    | Value                    |
| ----------    | ------------------------ |
| `copiedText`  | Results of the [copyTextFrom](../../api-reference/commands/copytextfrom.md) command. See [Access element text](./access-element-text.md) |

> | `platform`    | The platform the test is running on. Either `ios` or `android` |

Reviewer: What will the value be if we're running on the [experimental webdriver](https://maestro.mobile.dev/advanced/experimental/maestro-webdriver)?

> The platform might be useful for conditional logic that differs based on platform. For example, you might want to handle location permission prompts on iOS and Android. Example:

Reviewer: small rewording 

```suggestion
The `maestro.platform` value might be useful for conditional logic that differs between Android and iOS. For example, you might want to handle location permission differently:
```
